We're currently stirring the password for this user rijkaard in clear text.
Now that we know this is a very bad idea let's change this to a hash instead to generate the hash you
can use the script.
We just used in the last lecture.
Are find a web site like this one that will generate one for you using the P HP password hash function.
When we enter the password click the hash button we get the hash.
Now I dont recommend you use the word secret as a password on a life system.
Something much more secure would be better.
Its okay to use this.
While we're developing now so let's copy this hash.
And replace the clear text password in our database.
Like that.
Then in the authenticate method in the User class.
Instead of using a simple string comparison to compare the password stood in the database with the password
argument will use the password verify function instead.
Let's give that a try.
First let's try logging in with an incorrect password.
And that fails path indication as expected.
Now if I put in the correct name and password.
We are authenticated successfully and logged in as before.
However now the password has stood as a hash in the database instead of clear text which is much more
secure.